0:02 Yeah, I don't wanna give a massive congratulations on some fantastic work. Um, so again, I think that the feedback is gonna be minimal.
0:13 Um, the dashboard. Looking great. Uhm, AI assistant, great to see. Obviously, I haven't done much with it, but be interested to see how that evolves.
0:26 The clients, again, looking fantastic. Exercises, uh, uhh, more a case of just, again, clarity, so I'm fully understanding. Is there any that would, umm.
0:46 Mm. Haha. Let me see. So, for example, the AI metadata. So, for example, primary muscles, chest and upper back. If I was to select those, how would that then differ from the muscle groups?
1:01 Is that a conflict? So, for example, hips. But then there's not necessarily hips in that section there. Umm. And then the relationship is that in terms of an alternative exercise.
1:23 Okay, yeah, it seems to be. Umm. Do, uhh, doesn't need the option like a duplication. application. Like, in terms of air table, where it can be categorized under two things.
1:40 So if it's a category of, you know, strength, but also flexibility. Just being, devil's advocate in that sense. Umm. So, this, that's programs.
1:59 I try to build something out. Seems to have worked. Umm, the, most recent change that the other developers had made, um, and literally happened three days ago.
2:17 But I, and it was kinda what I'd asked them to do, and I thought it was not too bad. It was, Umm, I haven't done everything on here, but it's maybe duplicating not just weeks, but maybe duplicating in particular exercises, just wondering if that is something of a particular feature.
2:44 Umm. Try to see why that's, There it is. There. In valid form data, so everything has to be completed, I presume.
3:05 Just let me know what group tag of means as well. Is that, like, for example, your A exercises? Is, kind of, groups in with, you know, one, two, three, within A exercises.
3:20 Uhm. So, uh, looking good. Good. Their payments, yep. Looks great. Uhm, analytics. Just wondering how dynamic that would be. Or is it restricted in part?
3:42 So, for example, the month's overseas. The last, kind of, six months. It's the last six months. Uhm, which is fantastic.
3:51 Again, you know, huge. Didn't know if those options to maybe select or something. I don't know. I don't know. Uhm.
4:00 Uhm, AI usage. Uhm, I presume in relation to Claude and its usage. Uhm, I suppose just intrigued of learning a bit more about this whole area and kind of what that looks like.
4:16 Reviews. Uhm, obviously I haven't seen the app. Does that mean they can provide a review in the app? Just wondering, kinda, is that a duplication of reviews on Google Business Page or, Uhm, you know, on my go-high level or whatever it might look like.
4:38 Uhm, and settings, yeah. Or, you know, all good there. So, again, fantastic work. Uhm, I think if, If anything, just maybe bettering my understanding of the exercises and the programs.
4:58 Uhm, and just maybe seeing what that looks like. Thank you so much. Thank you for your